That was a strike.
Valley Brain let you go today, it's not uncomfortable
It is the internal strength of the ancestor that is completely absorbed
Talking to you
Can you respect it?
Stop, Lord Ghost Raksha is the hand of the Jade Clan
Why hasn't this person been tortured to death for more than half a day?
Leftover female waste return
Yes
Xiaoyufeng, hurry up, your father is the devil
You let me go?
What's wrong with you, don't worry about me
Go away I can't make you reflect
I didn't expect it.
You still have me in your heart
No one wants to go
I told you to step back, what are you doing back?
Demon Lord said
Next kill without mercy
If the leftover woman wants to let her go today, kill her together
What a ruthless devil
Just because you two still want to escape
You dare to touch him
I see you two are toasting
Eat penalty wine
you
Catch my wine whip
Then let you also taste the taste of life is better than death
That's not possible.
Ah!
He went down.
You said this is the devil's world
Not bad, just right.
I have a place to go
Is this the legendary shadow fan?
That's right, stop
Who?